README.md, before:

## Boda Telecom Suite Commuty Edition (BTS-CE)

Boda Telecom Suite Commuty Edition - An open source telecommunication management platform

## Requirements 

* 4GB memory
* 64 bit OS
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-docker)
* 5GB hard disk space
* Latest web browser

## Deployment

### Windows
* Download latest release files from https://github.com/bodastage/bts-ce/releases
* Unzip them to Drive:/Bodastage
* Launch the windows command line terminal as an administrator
* Move to Drive:/Bodastage/bts-ce
  ```batch 
  > cd  Drive:/Bodastage/bts-ce
  ```
* Run :  
  ```batch 
  > bts setup
  ```
  > 
  
* Access application at http://localhost from a supported browsers


## Supported Web Browsers

| Desktop Browsers | Tablets |  Phones |
| -------- | ------- | ----------- |
| Safari 6.1+ | iPad 3+ |  iOS 8+ |
| Google Chrome 32+ |  Android 4.3+ | Android 4.3+ |
| Microsoft Edge |  |  |
| Firefox 27+ | | |

## Resources

* [Communtiy Forum at TelecomHall.net](http://telecomHall.net)
* [Online Documentation](http://bts.bodastage.org)

## Copyright / License
Copyright 2017 - 2018 [Bodastage Solutions](http://www.bodastage.com)

Commit message:

Check if hardware virtualization is enabled

README.md, after:

## Boda Telecom Suite Community Edition (BTS-CE)

Boda Telecom Suite Commuty Edition - An open source telecommunication management platform

## Requirements 

* 4GB memory
* 64 bit OS
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-docker)
* 5GB hard disk space
* Latest web browser

## Deployment

### Windows
* Download latest release files from https://github.com/bodastage/bts-ce/releases
* Unzip them to Drive:/Bodastage
* Launch the Windows **command prompt** as an administrator
* Move to Drive:/Bodastage/bts-ce on the Windows command prompt.
  ```batch 
  > cd  Drive:/Bodastage/bts-ce
  ```
* Run :  
  ```batch 
  > bts setup
  ```

> Enable Virtualization from the BIOS if using Windows Hyper-V

* Access application at http://localhost from a supported browsers


## Supported Web Browsers

| Desktop Browsers | Tablets |  Phones |
| -------- | ------- | ----------- |
| Safari 6.1+ | iPad 3+ |  iOS 8+ |
| Google Chrome 32+ |  Android 4.3+ | Android 4.3+ |
| Microsoft Edge |  |  |
| Firefox 27+ | | |

## Built With
- [Python](https://www.python.org)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [Apache Airflow](https://airflow.apache.org/)
- [BackboneJs](http://backbonejs.org/)

## Resources

* [Communtiy Forum at TelecomHall.net](http://telecomHall.net)
* [Online Documentation](http://bts.bodastage.org)

## Copyright / License

Copyright 2017 - 2018 [Bodastage Solutions](http://www.bodastage.com)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 ; you may not use this work except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License in the LICENSE file, or at:

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
